(DOCSP-26723): Add Recipes for Device Sync (#248)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/sync/get-started/stream-data-from-client-to-atlas.txt

a weather sensor sending data to the cloud. Asymmetric sync is also useful 
for writing other types of immutable data where you do not require conflict 
resolution, such as creating invoices from a retail app or logging 
application events.

Asymmetric Sync is optimized to provide performance improvements for heavy 
client-side *insert-only* workloads. You cannot read this data from the
realm where you're streaming it.

Follow these high-level steps to get started:

Set up Atlas Access
-------------------

.. procedure::

   .. step:: Create an Atlas App Services App

      The App Services application is the gateway that enables your client 
      device to connect to MongoDB Atlas. When you create an App, you name
      it, link it to an Atlas cluster, and specify the deployment model and
      deployment region that work best for your application.

      You can create an App Services App via the :ref:`Atlas UI 
      <create-app-ui>`, the :ref:`Atlas App Services Command Line Interface 
      <create-app-cli>`, or the :ref:`App Services Admin API <create-app-api>`.

   .. step:: Configure Device Sync and Asymmetric Sync

>       Device Sync is the service that manages synchronizing data to Atlas 

Reviewer: Maybe?
```suggestion
      Device Sync is the service that synchronizes data to Atlas 
```

      and across your client devices. Device Sync, together with the 
      Realm SDKs, automatically manages network connectivity, user 

>       authentication, and user permissions and data access.

Reviewer: User authentication -> not entirely true? The app services does that part.

Also not sure what you mean exactly by "data access".

      When you configure Device Sync, you specify the data source that the 

>       client devices can access, as well as the permissions that determine

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      client devices can access as well as the permissions that determine
```

      You can configure Device Sync via the :ref:`Atlas UI, the Atlas App 
      Services Command Line Interface, or the App Services Admin API 
      <enable-flexible-sync>`. The first time you configure Device Sync, 
      you may find it helpful to use the Atlas UI as it provides links and 
      information about various settings and options.
      
      To enable Asymmetric Sync for one or more collections, you select 
      the collection or collections in the :guilabel:`Advanced Configuration` 
      section of your Device Sync configuration. Only collections with 
      an :ref:`App Services Schema <schemas>` are available to select in 
      this drop-down.
      
      If you have not yet created a schema for the collection that you 
      want to sync unidirectionally, you can either:

      - Generate an App Services schema from your Realm object model. 
        Refer to: :ref:`create-schema-from-rom`.
      - Manually create an App Services Schema. For more information, refer 
        to: :ref:`enforce-a-schema`.

   .. step:: Enable an Authentication Provider

      Your client devices must authenticate in order to access synced data.

>       App Services provides several authentication providers to enable 

Reviewer: It might help to say "...such as email/password or anonymous..."
